Successful for 20 years
Controllable nuclear fusion has finally been developed
It's incredible.
The French actually have controlled nuclear fusion.
Great, it finally worked.
Chief Teacher Qin, congratulations.
20 years.
You left your family behind to study controllable nuclear fusion
Finally made it today
You are literally a leader in human technology
Today I want to represent China
Jiang Tianmei
The highest honor in human science and technology
Human Light
Awarded to you
Thank you Dean
Not good, not good, not good, master
Your bird is going to commit suicide
Yaoyao Yaoyao
You silly boy
It's your birthday today
How could you commit suicide?
Yaoyao
Dad's research on nuclear fusion has succeeded
You see
This is the Order of the Human Kingdom that Dad received
Daddy will make you a present, okay?
Open your eyes and see
Take a look.
No medal
I just want you to spend your birthday with me
Is it that hard?
Smelly dad said he would accompany me on my birthday
Why haven't you come?
Yaoyao is good
Yaoyao wake up
Yaoyao father Yaoyao
Dad is a liar
Yaoyao Yaoyao doesn't trust him anymore, mother
I want to go home.
Yaoyao is good
Dad said he would come and he would come
Let's wait for him, okay?
Ah, what's going on?
Why don't you go home?
Yaoyao, go, run
Be careful.
Help, how do you come out and run Yaoyao?
Yaoyao
It's dad who's sorry for you, it's not me who's sorry
It's my mom because you didn't come
Mom will be remarried by me selling the company
Because you didn't come
We will have an earthquake
Mom will die
I will reach into the twin
Can't bear to kneel
20 years. 20 years ago, you killed your wife
In 20 years, you will kill your own mother
Breeze
I want you to live forever in regret and loneliness
I Hate You
Yaoyao Yaoyao
Dr. Yaoyao
Doctor doctor
Family and country dilemma
Yaoyao Mengxue
If I could do it all over again
I will definitely go to that technology exchange meeting
Keep your mother and daughter safe
How was this my studio 20 years ago?
May 9, 2000 at 11:00 am
I'm reborn, don't miss it when I pass by
What is this?
Come and have a look